Iris Press Publishers, Humpty and His Family by Yulia Puchkova
Chapter 1 Life in the Egg Hello, I'm an ostrich.
I'm from Africa, I live in the grasslands, now I'm grown up, but I want to start my
story from the very beginning, here it is.
I'm sitting in an egg, it is big and I'm big too.
I'm tired of sitting here, I want to get out.
I hit the egg with my beak, but nothing happens.
It is sometimes light and sometimes dark in the egg.
When it is dark, I sleep.
When it is light, I want to go out.
Now it is very light.
I hit the egg with my beak again, suddenly there is a small hole in the wall of the egg.
I take my beak out of the hole and put my eye to it.
I'm looking through the hole now.
Wow, it's great there.
I can see a lot of green grass, some green trees and bushes, there are different animals,
they are walking in the grass.
Some animals are eating the grass, some animals are eating the leaves.
I can see a cheater, it is lying in the tall grass.
It is hiding from a zebra, the cheater looks very hungry, oh no, it wants to eat the zebra.
I look at the zebra, it is eating grass, it doesn't see the cheater, I'm very angry.
I want to get out, I shake the egg, suddenly the egg starts rolling, it is rolling and
rolling and I'm rolling too, bang.
The egg hits the cheater on the back, the cheater jumps up, turns around and looks at me.
Of course, it can't see me, it can see only the egg, it looks and looks and shows me it's
big, ugly teeth, I'm afraid.
I'm not looking at it now, I'm hiding inside the egg, I'm very quiet.
The cheater smells the egg, sneezes and walks away.
I turn the egg, I can see the zebra now, it is running away, oh no, somebody is rolling
me back, but I know her, she is my mum, she is big and strong, she is very tall too.
Now I'm at home again, there are three eggs around me, there is my brother and two sisters
inside them, it is dark now, I can hear my dad.
He comes home every evening, he helps my mum a lot, he sits on the nest at night,
now dad is sitting down on the nest, it is very dark, I'm tired and I sleep.
There are two others, I wake up and open my eyes, it is light again, I look through the
hole and see another egg, there is a hole in that egg too, there is an eye in the hole,
they are looking at each other, now the eye winks at me, I wink too, I shake the egg
and it starts rolling, my brother does the same, I'm rolling to my brother and he is
rolling to me, there is a terrible noise, the eggs are a lot of white pieces now and
we are out, we are free, we are lying on the grass, I put up my beak and say it to my
brother, hello, hello he answers, our daddy is next to us, hi sons he says, let's give
you names, he turns away and cries, dear come here, we've got two sons, we must give
them names, this is the first time I can see our mother in the light, she is big and strong
like our father, she is beautiful too, she looks at us, winks at our dad and says, let's
call them Humpty and Dumpty, okay, says dad, but who is Humpty, our mum looks at us again,
he thinks and says, let's ask them, so which of you is Humpty, me we answer together, no
says our mum, only one can be Humpty, then I am Dumpty, we say together, my dear says mum,
we have got a problem with their names, but we have got very good sons, okay, you are Humpty,
she points at me and you are Dumpty, she points at my brother, now meet each other, says dad, hello,
I say to my brother, I'm Humpty, nice to meet you, he says, I'm Dumpty, nice to meet you too,
I say and we shake wings, good chicks say our parents and smile,
chapter three, naughty legs, Dumpty and I are lying on the grass, dad is looking at us,
it's time to get up, he says, I get up, now I'm standing, but my legs don't want to stand, they are shaking, I fall down on the grass,
Dumpty is laughing, it's your turn now says dad, Dumpty stops laughing, now he gets up, but his legs are like mine, they start shaking and he falls down too, he's laughing again, why are you laughing, asks dad, you can't walk?
It isn't funny.
But my legs don't listen to me, laughs dumpty.
Of course they don't, they haven't got any ears, I say, to dumpty.
Dad looks at me, then, at his legs.
I haven't got any ears on my legs, but I can walk, he says.
It is interesting.
I think, and think.
Suddenly, I have an idea.
It is because you listen to your legs, I say.
You walk when they want to walk.
Mmm, says Dad.
What about your legs?
Don't they want to walk?
Dumpty and I listen to our legs.
No, they don't.
We say together.
But there are a lot of angry animals around us.
If you can't run, they can catch and eat you.
How can they do it?
Asks dumpty.
You are always with us.
Sometimes I sleep, says Dad.
Then there is mum, I say.
She sometimes sleeps too, says Dad.
You can always do it in turn, we say together.
Chapter four, an ungrateful animal.
It is a great day today.
Dumpties and my legs want to walk.
They like it.
They start running.
We always fall down.
Dad and mum are happy.
They are looking at us and smiling.
I start running again.
Suddenly, I can see a zebra.
I look and look.
I know it.
It is my zebra.
I run to it.
Hello, I say.
I know you, but you don't know me.
I'm humpty.
The zebra looks at me and says, but I don't want to know you.
Why, I ask.
It is because we, zebras, are beautiful, clever animals, and you, ostriches, are ugly, silly
words.
Suddenly I can see dumpties.
He is next to me now.
You can hear the zebra's words too.
First, clever animals don't say bad things about other animals.
Second, you aren't beautiful.
You've got a short, thick neck, says he, and no feathers, I say.
The zebra is angry.
It wants to hit us, and it runs at us.
What is it?
Our legs want to run too.
Now, we are running very fast.
Suddenly, our legs turn left, and the zebra turns left too.
It almost falls.
When our legs turn right, the zebra can't turn so fast.
It falls down on the ground.
Its legs are up in the air.
We ask, sorry, we can't help you.
You're too heavy too.
We cry to it and run away.
We come to our parents.
Dad, mum, we can run now, and when we are running very fast, we can certainly turn left
or right.
It is very good, say Dad and mum.
Only ostriches can do that.
Do you want to know our teacher?
We ask.
Yes, they say, who is it?
It is that funny animal in a striped costume.
Chapter 5.
What a name.
It is very hot today.
Our parents are standing and we are lying on the grass.
We are waiting for our sisters.
They are still inside the eggs.
Mum and Dad are worried.
Our sisters must come out, but they don't.
Can we help them, my brother and I ask?
We can't help them, say Dad.
They must do it themselves.
I'm sure they are girls, say is dumpty.
How do you know?
Asks Dad.
They are not strong.
Answers my brother.
Yes, they are weak, I say.
We must help them.
I'm sure they can't get out themselves.
Suddenly, we can hear a noise.
There are two holes in one of the eggs.
I can see two beautiful brown eyes in the holes.
They are looking at me.
Hello, I say.
I'm humpty.
And who are you?
Mmm, says the egg.
Then there is a loud noise again.
And there is no egg now.
There is a beautiful chick in front of us.
Of course, it is a girl.
She is our sister.
She has got very soft, long feathers and a long, sporty neck.
Let's call her beauty, says Mum.
No, says my sister.
I don't like this name.
What about feathery?
Asks Dad.
No, she says again.
At this moment, we can hear a terrible noise, and our other sister comes out of the egg.
She is very beautiful too.
But she is small.
She is smiling at us.
A smile is so nice and kind.
Hello, smiley, I say.
Nice to meet you.
And smiley, she cries and smiles again.
I like it.
It's a nice name.
Good girl, says Mum, but we have a problem with your sister.
We can't find a name for her.
Let's ask her, says smiley.
What's your name?
Our big sister looks around and sees a very beautiful dragonfly.
What is this?
She asks.
It's a dragonfly, says Mum.
Then my name is dragonfly, says our sister.
Oh, it's a very long name, says Dad.
We must make it short.
We can call you fly.
Or dragon, says dumpty.
Once I don't want to have a dragon in the family, cries Dad.
And I want to be a dragon, says our sister, and stamps.
Okay, says Mum.
Be dragon if you like.
And she winks at Dad.
After six, strange grown-ups.
Today we are going out into the world.
It is the first time Dad and Mum take us with them.
We walk together.
Then we see two very big ostriches.
They are walking too.
They are coming to us.
Now we can see three small chicks with them.
They are all girls.
Our parents stop.
They talk to the big ostriches.
They say, oh, what beautiful daughters you have got.
Their necks are so long, their feathers are so soft, their beaks are so thick.
The big ostriches smile and say, and your daughters are so cute.
They've got long legs and small bodies, their smiles are so nice, and your sons are so strong,
their eyes are so clever, their heads are so round.
I look at my brother, at his eyes and head, and I say, that is not true.
We can't be strong because we're very small.
We can't be clever because we're very young, and our heads aren't round because they are
square.
Why do you say that?
Dad is looking at me.
I can feel that, and he is very angry.
But why?
I look at him and ask, Dad, why are you angry with me?
Because you are rude, my son, he answers.
Why am I rude?
I don't know, he says.
I think it is because you are too small, too young, and your head is too square.
I don't understand my dad.
Sometimes grown-ups are so strange.
In Chapter 7, why does she run away?
I'm hot and very thirsty.
I come up to Dad and say, Dad, I'm hot and thirsty.
Can we go and find water?
Okay, says Dad, hide under my wings, and tell your brother and sisters to hide there, too.
Hey, dumpty, smiley, dragon, come here, it's cool under Dad's wings, I cry.
They run to us, and soon we're all together.
Let's play, hide and seek, says dumpty.
Let's, we say, humpty, you must look for us, says dragon.
Why not?
I close my eyes.
It is very funny to hide in Dad's feathers or between his legs.
First I find dumpty, then I find smiley.
Oh, I can't find dragon, where is she?
Suddenly, we can hear a small voice.
Hello, can I play with you?
We look and see a cute ostrich girl.
I like her, and I say, of course you can.
Can you help me?
Yes, she says, and smiles, what must I do?
We must find dragon, I answer.
The girl starts shaking, then she cries.
Mommy!
And runs away.
I look at dumpty and smiley.
Why doesn't she want to find dragon, I ask?
We don't know, they answer.
Now we are looking for dragon together, but we can't find her.
Suddenly, I can see dragon.
She is running between mom's legs and laughing at us.
I'm very clever, she cries.
Soon, we come to a big river.
There are a lot of animals next to the river.
They are drinking water.
There are antelopes, giraffes and elephants.
They are big, but kind.
There are lions too.
Dad says they are angry.
I look at dad, he isn't afraid of lions, he is very brave.
We come up to the river and drink.
The water is tasty and cool.
I want to play with the water, I go into the river.
Humpty, you mustn't wet your body, cries mom, only your legs.
My legs are in the water now.
Smiley is looking at me, she is afraid.
Smiley, come here I cry.
The water is soft and kind.
My legs like it.
Smiley goes into the water, she likes it.
Dumpety is in the water too.
Now all our legs are in the water.
Suddenly, we can hear the small voice again.
Can I play with you?
I turn round and see that cute ostrich girl.
I'm happy to see you again, I say.
Let's play together.
I'm Humpty, this is Smiley and that is Dumpty.
Nice to meet you.
I'm softy, says the girl and smiles.
Wait, say Smiley, we can't start playing, we must call Dragon.
Dragon, we cry.
Dragon, come here.
There she is, Dragon is running to us.
Dragon, I say, we've got a friend.
Her name is softy.
I turn my head, but there is no softy.
Where is your friend, asks Dragon.
I don't know, I say and look around.
Suddenly, I can see softy.
She's running away, very fast.
I'm very sad, I don't know why, but I like softy.
I think she's very strange.
First, she wants to play with us, but then she always runs away.
Why?
Chapter 8
Living Stones
We're standing with our legs in the river.
Dragon is looking at the water.
Suddenly, she says, look, there are big brown stones in the water.
I look at the stones, they are very interesting.
Dragon, have stones got eyes, I ask.
Of course they haven't, she answers.
Dragon, have stones got ears, I ask my second question.
Of course they haven't, you are so silly, Humpty.
Dragon, have stones got nostrils, I ask my third question.
She looks at me, puts her wing to her head and turns it there three times.
Then you aren't standing on a stone, I say.
Because your stone is looking at me and listening to us
and it has got a big nose.
Ha ha ha, cries Dragon, you are too hot.
Turn your head down and look, I say.
Now, Dragon is looking at the stone under her toes
and the stone is looking at her, their eyes meet.
Dragon is afraid, she is shaking.
Hello, she whispers, hmm, says the stone.
Mummy!
Cries Dragon and jumps off the stone.
The stone starts growing, it grows and grows.
Now it has got a fat body and a very big mouth.
Hello, I'm a hippo, says the stone.
And I'm Dragon, says my sister.
Dragon asks the hippo and starts shaking.
Oh, I'm so afraid, please don't eat me, Dragon.
Now, he is laughing, but he looks very kind.
I understand, he is playing with Dragon.
Dragon is very angry, she thinks he is laughing at her.
Let's go, chicks.
She says to us, it's silly to talk to a stone.
The hippo can hear her words, he stops laughing.
Now, he looks sad, he says,
that's why we live under water.
And he goes under the water again.
I feel very bad.
My sister is sometimes so rude.
Chapter 9
They want to live too.
I want to see Softie.
I want to ask her why she always runs away.
I look around.
I can't see her in the river, I can't see her near the river.
I'm very sad.
Let's go home, says Mum.
We get out of the water and walk home with Mum and Dad.
Suddenly, a very small, green animal jumps at me.
It is very funny.
It has got four short legs and two very long and strong legs.
It has got very big, funny eyes too.
What's this? I ask Dad.
It's food, he answers.
Very tasty food.
Eat it.
I look at the animal.
It is sitting on my left leg and making a funny noise.
I can't eat it.
I'm sure it wants to live.
Suddenly, I can see a big beak.
The beak opens and catches the animal.
Oh no, I cry.
I can see Dragon.
The green animal is inside her beak.
What are you doing, I cry?
Open your beak.
Answers Dragon.
Then I take Dragon by the legs and shake her.
Her beak opens and the green animal jumps out.
Are you crazy, cries Dragon?
I'm fine and you aren't kind, I say.
Look, there are a lot of seeds and fruit in the grasslands.
Why do you want to eat an animal?
Because I like it, says Dragon.
No, you don't.
When you like somebody, you want to play with her or talk to her.
You don't want to eat her.
Laughs, Dragon.
Humpty is in love.
Dumpty, smiley, listen.
Who is she?
Tell us.
Now, I am very angry.
I want to hit Dragon, but I can't.
She's a girl.
Smiley looks at me.
She understands me and she says,
I'm in love too.
It is so nice to be in love.
My brother, Dumpty, looks at us.
Then at Dragon and says,
I'm in love too.
That's a pity you are not, Dragon.
Chapter 10.
When we are together,
today, Mum and Dad are at home,
and we are not.
We are walking and looking around.
It is very interesting in the grasslands.
I look at the grass.
There are a lot of those green animals there.
Mum says they are insects.
My green animal's name is a grasshopper.
There are other animals too.
I can see ants.
Butterflies, spiders and snails.
Some grasshoppers are jumping.
Some are singing.
The ants are working.
The butterflies are flying.
The spiders are hunting.
The snails are lazy.
They are sleeping on the leaves or grass.
Together we are watching insects and other animals.
Only Dragon is not with us.
She doesn't like watching small animals.
She likes eating them.
She can even eat a lizard.
We are very quiet.
A butterfly sits down on Smiley's wing.
It is so beautiful.
Suddenly, I can feel danger.
We are watching a butterfly,
and the lioness is watching us.
Smiley, dumpty, I whisper.
There is a lioness behind us.
She is hiding in the bushes.
They look at me.
They are afraid.
What can we do?
They whisper to me.
We must run very fast,
and we must stay together.
Now we are running,
and the lioness is running after us.
We can hear her behind us.
Humpty, she can catch us,
cries Smiley.
Suddenly, I have an idea.
Stop chicks, I cry.
We must turn with our backs to each other,
and stand in a circle, wing in wing.
When the lioness jumps at you,
you lie on the backs,
and kick her with your legs.
So, we stand in a circle.
I can feel my brothers and sisters' backs behind.
The lioness runs at me.
Then she jumps at me.
Now my friend backs,
and give her a strong kick.
The lioness flies away.
Fly, lioness, fly.
Now she is very angry.
She is running around us.
But every time, when she jumps at us,
she gets a strong kick and flies away.
The lioness comes back again.
It is strange.
I think she likes flying.
At last, she is very tired.
She can't catch us.
She is still angry, but she walks away.
Well done, Humpty,
say my brother and sister.
Well done, dumped in Smiley, I say.
We are very proud today.
We are only small, young ostriches.
But when we are together,
we can fight a lion.
Chapter 11.
A race.
We are at home again.
But we don't want to have a rest.
We want to run and play.
Dad looks at us, smiles and says,
let's have a race.
What is a race, I ask?
It's when all the chicks run together to their mum.
And one of them comes the first, says Dad.
I want to be the first, says Dragon.
I want to be the first, too, says Dumpty.
And I can be the fourth, says Smiley.
I don't want to be the first.
And you, Humpty, asks Dad.
I want to run.
I like running, I answer.
Then let's start,
stand next to each other.
One, two, three, go.
We all start running to mum.
She's standing very far away.
Smiley is running the first.
She's in front of me.
I look behind and see Dumpty.
He's the third.
Then there is Dragon.
Suddenly, Dragon cries.
Oh, my stomach.
We turn our heads.
Dragon falls on the ground and starts rolling.
Oh, chicks, help me.
I've got an awful stomachache.
We run to Dragon.
She looks terrible.
All her feathers are dirty.
Her eyes are closed.
Suddenly, she opens them.
Oh, dear brothers and sister.
Help me to get up, please, she says.
We look at each other.
It is the first time Dragon says please.
And it is very strange.
We take her by the wings and help her.
Thank you, she says.
Now, stand behind me, please.
I'm afraid I can fall on my back.
What's the matter with Dragon?
Now, she says, thank you.
I'm sure she is really ill.
We stand behind her.
Thank you, she says again.
I think my stomach is okay now.
One, two, three, go.
She cries and starts running.
We look at each other.
Then we understand everything.
Naughty Dragon.
We start running too.
Dragon turns her head and laughs.
You're too silly.
My brothers and sister.
Suddenly, she's quiet.
She stops running and sits down on the grass.
Smiley and I are next to her now.
We can hear a noise.
Dragon is coughing.
Her cough is terrible.
Now, dumpty is with us too.
We all hit her on the back, again and again.
Suddenly, a beautiful, big butterfly flies out of her beak.
Food is escaping, cries Dragon
and wants to get up but starts coughing again.
This time, an orange dragon fly
and a purple fly come out.
Then a fat grasshopper jumps out.
Now, Dragon stops coughing.
Again, that green animal, she cries
and runs after the poor grasshopper.
She keeps her mouth open when she's running, says Smiley.
It's very dangerous.
Yes, I say.
Especially for insects.
Chapter 12.
A storm.
It is afternoon.
It is very hot.
We are at home.
We are hiding under Dad's wings.
Mum is away.
What is it?
The sky isn't blue now.
It is black.
What's the matter?
I ask Dad.
There are clouds in the sky, says Dad.
But why is it so dark?
Ask Stunty.
It's because the clouds are covering the sun and says Dad.
Suddenly, we can feel the air.
The air is running.
Is the air afraid of the clouds, I ask Dad.
Why is it running?
Dad smiles and answers.
The running air is the wind.
I don't know why, but it's always very windy before a storm.
What is a storm?
Ask Smiley.
She's shaking.
She's afraid of the strong wind.
She doesn't like the black clouds.
A storm is Dad starts and stops.
I can feel water on my beak.
Chicks hide under my body, cries Dad, and stand next to each other.
Why must I stand next to them?
Ask Stragon.
She doesn't want to listen to Dad.
Dad is angry.
Do what I say.
He cries to dragon.
You mustn't walk in the rain.
This is only water, she says, and runs from under Dad's wing.
Look.
The air isn't hot now.
It's cool.
And the water is cool too.
The rain is funny.
But I must listen to Dad.
So I don't go to dragon.
Don't putty and smiley.
Listen to Dad too.
They're under his body.
You are afraid of the water, cries dragon.
She is dancing in the rain and laughing at us.
You remember, when we go to the river, we never wet our bodies.
Now dragon is all wet.
Her head is wet.
Her body is wet.
And her wings are wet.
The water is running down her beak and her legs.
We can't see any feathers.
Where are they?
Dragon isn't dragon anymore.
She's thin and ugly.
Her head is very small now.
She's shaking because she's laughing at us.
When she laughs, we only can see her big open beak.
It is so big and her neck is so thin.
We close our eyes and open them again.
But nothing changes.
There is no dragon.
Only that's ugly laughing bird.
Suddenly the rain stops.
But the air is still very cool.
Soon our mum comes.
She looks at the bird and cries.
Who is that?
That's dragon answers dad.
Our dragon asks mum and her beak opens.
Of course, ours says dad.
No other ostriches have got dragons in their families.
Chapter 13.
Magic.
We wake up and open our eyes.
It is morning.
It is sunny and warm again.
Let's play tag, says smiley.
She likes playing tag because she runs very fast.
She runs faster than dragon, dumpedy and me.
Okay, say dumpedy and I.
We look at dragon.
She's shaking again.
Why are you laughing at us again, we ask.
I'm not laughing at you, says a strange voice.
It isn't dragon's voice.
Her voice is high and loud and this voice is low and quiet.
We're afraid.
Who is speaking, we ask.
It's me, answers the strange voice.
We look around but we only can see mum, dad and dragon.
Suddenly, smiley cries.
It's dragon's voice.
She's got a new voice.
It's magic, says dumpedy.
We look at dragon.
She looks strange.
She's shaking and her eyes are very bright.
Mum, cries smiley.
What's the matter with dragon?
Mum comes up to dragon.
She looks at her, touches her head and says dragon.
You are ill.
You have got a cold.
You've got a high temperature.
I have got a headache and a sore throat, says poor dragon and sneezes.
And your nose is running, says dad.
It's the rain.
Rain's are very cold in Africa.
You must never dance in the rain again.
It's dangerous.
We are sorry for dragon.
She is sometimes very bad but now she is so sad.
Don't be sad, dragon, says dumpedy.
We like your new voice.
It's so quiet.
But dragon isn't happy.
She starts crying.
We can bring you some sweet seeds, says dumpedy.
I think it's very boring to be ill.
So we can stay with you all day, smile smiley.
And tell you funny stories.
And bring you water from the river, I say.
And brush your feathers for you, smile smiley.
What's the matter?
Dragon looks very strange again.
I can't understand why.
I look and look.
And suddenly I understand.
Dragon is smiling.
She's got a new face now.
A kind, cute face.
Oh, it's magic.
Chapter 14.
A new name.
So we stay with dragon all day.
Sometimes dumpedy goes and brings sweet seeds.
Or I go to the river and bring some water in my beak for dragon.
Smiley tells stories to her and brushes dragon's feathers.
Mum stays with dragon too.
She keeps her warm when dragon starts shaking and covers her from the sun.
Dragon is better now.
She listens to smiley, eats the seeds and drinks the water.
She isn't shaking anymore.
Suddenly I can hear a voice.
I know this voice.
I like it.
It is my favorite voice.
Hello.
Why are you not playing today?
Asks the voice.
I turn round and see softy.
I am very happy.
And I say, because dragon is ill.
Suddenly softy is very sad.
I know, she says.
You don't want to play with me.
You don't like me.
I'm going away.
She turns and starts walking away.
Softy, please.
Don't go away, I cry.
I like you.
You're so nice.
Why do you always run away?
But, say softy, what about dragons?
Why do you always talk about dragons when I want to play with you?
Because dragon is our sister, I say.
What?
Softy's eyes become bigger than her head.
Look.
Here she is, I say.
She's ill today.
We're staying with her because it's very boring to be ill.
Softy looks at dragon.
Dragon isn't that old dragon anymore.
She's new dragon now.
She's got a kind smile.
Are you dragon?
Ask softy.
Yes, I am, answers dragon.
But dragons are ugly, angry monsters.
Say softy.
What?
Crys dragon.
We can't see her smile anymore.
She's our old dragon now.
I'm not an ugly, angry monster.
And you are dragon, says Mum.
That ostrich girl is right.
Dragon means a terrible ugly monster.
It likes eating other animals.
It can even eat an ostrich.
I think you should change your name.
Oh, now I understand why you always run away, I say, to softy.
Then it's true.
You like me and want to play with me, smile softy.
Of course, I smile at her.
Dragon is very quiet now.
She looks at us.
She looks at Mum.
And then she says,
I don't want to be dragon anymore.
Help me to find a nice name.
We can't believe our ears.
Dragon is really asking us to help her.
Do you like the sun, asks Mum?
Yes, I like it.
It is very hot and dries us when we are wet, says dragon and coughs.
Do you want to be sunny?
Asks Mum.
Oh, that's great, cries dragon.
I like this name.
Our dragon likes something.
It is magic.
Oh, I'm wrong.
Our sister isn't dragon anymore.
Now she is sunny.
Chapter 15.
A big day.
Look at us.
We're bigger now.
Our legs are stronger.
Dumpty is taller than Dad.
And smiley is fatter than Mum.
We are almost grown-ups.
We don't walk with Mum and Dad anymore.
We walk with other young ostriches.
There are a lot of them in our group.
Softy is with us too.
No.
She is with me.
We want to be together all our life.
We want to have a family.
We want to have sons and daughters.
I want to call my son and daughter Dumpty and smiley
because I love my brother and sister.
Softy has got a brother and sister too.
Their names are foodie and tallie.
It is because her brother likes eating.
And her sister is the tallest in the family.
She is even taller than her father.
Two months pass.
Softy and I have got a nest now.
It is on the ground.
There are three eggs in the nest.
I guard our chicks at night.
And softy does it by day.
The great day comes.
The first egg breaks into small pieces.
And we can see our son.
He has got very big feet.
Our son is very clever.
Laughs softy.
Why? I ask.
He knows our problem.
Look.
He has got very big feet.
So his name must be footy.
It is half foodie and half Dumpty.
Our good boy. I smile.
Here comes our daughter, say softy,
when the second egg breaks.
Why is she so small, I ask?
I am worried.
Don't worry, say softy.
She must be small.
Why? I ask again.
Think dear, say softy.
I think and think.
And then I understand.
It's because her name must be smally.
It's half smiley and half tally.
Yes, say softy.
Our children are very young, but very clever.
We look at the third egg.
It is breaking now too.
Our second daughter is coming out.
She is cute.
She has got yellow feathers and a long slim neck.
Let's call her slimmy, say softy.
No, say our daughter.
I don't like this name.
What about yellow? I ask.
No, she says again.
Oh, no, I cry.
It's dragon.
Our daughter looks at the sky and sees the sun.
What is this? She asks.
It's the sun answers softy.
I am very quiet now.
I am looking at my daughter.
I can see her nice face.
Of course she isn't dragon.
My name is Sunny, she says, and smiles.